Update agent help docs for v3.51.0 (#2378)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/help/_start.md

<tr id="spawn"><th><code>--spawn value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#spawn">#</a></th><td><p>The number of agents to spawn in parallel (default: 1)<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_AGENT_SPAWN</code></p></td></tr>
<tr id="spawn-with-priority"><th><code>--spawn-with-priority </code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#spawn-with-priority">#</a></th><td><p>Assign priorities to every spawned agent (when using --spawn) equal to the agent's index<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_AGENT_SPAWN_WITH_PRIORITY</code></p></td></tr>
<tr id="cancel-signal"><th><code>--cancel-signal value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#cancel-signal">#</a></th><td><p>The signal to use for cancellation (default: "SIGTERM")<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_CANCEL_SIGNAL</code></p></td></tr>

> <tr id="signal-grace-period-seconds"><th><code>--signal-grace-period-seconds value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#signal-grace-period-seconds">#</a></th><td><p>The number of seconds given to a subprocess to handle being sent `cancel-signal`. After this period has elaspsed, SIGKILL will be sent. (default: 0)<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_SIGNAL_GRACE_PERIOD_SECONDS</code></p></td></tr>

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
<tr id="signal-grace-period-seconds"><th><code>--signal-grace-period-seconds value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#signal-grace-period-seconds">#</a></th><td><p>The number of seconds given to a subprocess to handle being sent `cancel-signal`. After this period has elapsed, SIGKILL will be sent. (default: 0)<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_SIGNAL_GRACE_PERIOD_SECONDS</code></p></td></tr>
```

<tr id="job-verification-jwks-path"><th><code>--job-verification-jwks-path value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#job-verification-jwks-path">#</a></th><td><p>Path to a file containing a JSON Web Key Set (JWKS), used to verify job signatures.<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_AGENT_JWKS_FILE_PATH</code></p></td></tr>
<tr id="job-signing-jwks-path"><th><code>--job-signing-jwks-path value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#job-signing-jwks-path">#</a></th><td><p>Path to a file containing a signing key. Passing this flag enables pipeline signing for all pipelines uploaded by this agent. For hmac-sha256, the raw file content is used as the shared key<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_PIPELINE_UPLOAD_JWKS_FILE_PATH</code></p></td></tr>

> <tr id="job-signing-algorithm"><th><code>--job-signing-algorithm value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#job-signing-algorithm">#</a></th><td><p>The algorithm to use when signing pipelines. Must be a valid RF7518 JWA algorithm. Required when using a JWKS, and the given key doesn't have an alg parameter<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_PIPELINE_UPLOAD_SIGNING_ALGORITHM</code></p></td></tr>

Reviewer: Does this say, "JSON Web Algorithm algorithm?"

Author: Even worse, it's "JSON Web Algorithms algorithm".

> <tr id="job-signing-algorithm"><th><code>--job-signing-algorithm value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#job-signing-algorithm">#</a></th><td><p>The algorithm to use when signing pipelines. Must be a valid RF7518 JWA algorithm. Required when using a JWKS, and the given key doesn't have an alg parameter<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_PIPELINE_UPLOAD_SIGNING_ALGORITHM</code></p></td></tr>

Author: ```suggestion
<tr id="job-signing-algorithm"><th><code>--job-signing-algorithm value</code> <a class="Docs__attribute__link" href="#job-signing-algorithm">#</a></th><td><p>The algorithm to use when signing pipelines. Must be an algorithm specified in RFC7518: JWA. Required when using a JWKS, and the given key doesn't have an alg parameter<br /><strong>Environment variable</strong>: <code>$BUILDKITE_PIPELINE_UPLOAD_SIGNING_ALGORITHM</code></p></td></tr>
```
